---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingaccess_pingfederate_runtime_metadata Data Source - terraform-provider-pingaccess"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to get the PingFederate Runtime metadata.
---

# pingaccess_pingfederate_runtime_metadata (Data Source)

Use this data source to get the PingFederate Runtime metadata.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "pingaccess_pingfederate_runtime_metadata" "meta" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- **authorization_endpoint** (String) URL of the OpenID Connect provider's authorization endpoint.
- **backchannel_authentication_endpoint** (String) The endpoint used to initiate an out-of-band authentication.
- **claim_types_supported** (List of String) JSON array containing a list of the claim types that the OpenID Connect provider supports.
- **claims_parameter_supported** (Boolean) Boolean value specifying whether the OpenID Connect provider supports use of the claims parameter, with true indicating support.
- **claims_supported** (List of String) JSON array containing a list of the claim names of the claims that the OpenID Connect provider MAY be able to supply values for.
- **code_challenge_methods_supported** (List of String) Proof Key for Code Exchange (PKCE) code challenge methods supported by this OpenID Connect provider.
- **end_session_endpoint** (String) URL at the OpenID Connect provider to which a relying party can perform a redirect to request that the end-user be logged out at the OpenID Connect provider.
- **grant_types_supported** (List of String) JSON array containing a list of the OAuth 2.0 grant type values that this OpenID Connect provider supports.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **id_token_signing_alg_values_supported** (List of String) JSON array containing a list of the JWS signing algorithms supported by the OpenID Connect provider for the id token to encode the claims in a JWT.
- **introspection_endpoint** (String) URL of the OpenID Connect provider's OAuth 2.0 introspection endpoint.
- **issuer** (String) OpenID Connect provider's issuer identifier URL.
- **jwks_uri** (String) URL of the OpenID Connect provider's JWK Set document.
- **ping_end_session_endpoint** (String) PingFederate logout endpoint. (Not applicable if PingFederate is not the OpenID Connect provider)
- **ping_revoked_sris_endpoint** (String) PingFederate session revocation endpoint. (Not applicable if PingFederate is not the OpenID Connect provider)
- **request_object_signing_alg_values_supported** (List of String) JSON array containing a list of the JWS signing algorithms supported by the OpenID Connect provider for request objects.
- **request_parameter_supported** (Boolean) Boolean value specifying whether the OpenID Connect provider supports use of the request parameter, with true indicating support.
- **request_uri_parameter_supported** (Boolean) Boolean value specifying whether the OpenID Connect provider supports use of the request_uri parameter, with true indicating support.
- **response_modes_supported** (List of String) JSON array containing a list of the OAuth 2.0 "response_mode" values that this OpenID Connect provider supports.
- **response_types_supported** (List of String) JSON array containing a list of the OAuth 2.0 "response_type" values that this OpenID Connect provider supports.
- **revocation_endpoint** (String) URL of the OpenID Connect provider's OAuth 2.0 revocation endpoint.
- **scopes_supported** (List of String) JSON array containing a list of the OAuth 2.0 "scope" values that this OpenID Connect provider supports.
- **subject_types_supported** (List of String) JSON array containing a list of the Subject Identifier types that this OpenID Connect provider supports.
- **token_endpoint** (String) URL of the OpenID Connect provider's token endpoint.
- **token_endpoint_auth_methods_supported** (List of String) JSON array containing a list of client authentication methods supported by this token endpoint.
- **userinfo_endpoint** (String) URL of the OpenID Connect provider's userInfo endpoint.
- **userinfo_signing_alg_values_supported** (List of String) JSON array containing a list of the JWS signing algorithms supported by the userInfo endpoint to encode the claims in a JWT.
