---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingaccess_application Resource - terraform-provider-pingaccess"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides configuration for Applications within PingAccess.
---

# pingaccess_application (Resource)

Provides configuration for Applications within PingAccess.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingaccess_application" "example" {
  access_validator_id = 0
  application_type    = "Web"
  agent_id            = 0
  name                = "example"
  context_root        = "/example"
  destination         = "Site"
  site_id             = pingaccess_site.example.id
  spa_support_enabled = false
  virtual_host_ids    = [pingaccess_virtualhost.example.id]
  web_session_id      = pingaccess_websession.example.id

  policy {
    web {
      type = "Rule"
      id   = pingaccess_rule.example.id
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **application_type** (String) The type of application.
- **context_root** (String) The context root of the application.
- **destination** (String) The application destination type.
- **name** (String) The application name.
- **site_id** (String) The ID of the site associated with the application or zero if none.
- **virtual_host_ids** (Set of String) An array of virtual host IDs associated with the application.

### Optional

- **access_validator_id** (Number) The ID of the access token validator for local token validation, 1 if the application is protected remotely by an Authorization Server, or zero if unprotected. Only applies to applications of type API.
- **agent_id** (Number) The ID of the agent associated with the application or zero if none.
- **case_sensitive_path** (Boolean) True if the path is case sensitive.
- **default_auth_type** (String, Deprecated) For Web + API applications (dynamic) default_auth_type selects the processing mode when a request: does not have a token (web session, OAuth bearer) or has both tokens. This setting applies to all resources in the application except where overridden with default_auth_type_override.
- **description** (String) A description of the application.
- **enabled** (Boolean) True if the application is enabled.
- **identity_mapping_ids** (Block List, Max: 1) A map of Identity Mappings associated with the application. The key is 'web' or 'api' and the value is an Identity Mapping ID. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--identity_mapping_ids))
- **policy** (Block List, Max: 1) A map of policy items associated with the resource. The key is 'web' or 'api' and the value is a list of Policy Items. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy))
- **realm** (String) The OAuth realm associated with the application.
- **require_https** (Boolean) True if the application requires HTTPS connections.
- **spa_support_enabled** (Boolean) Enable SPA support.
- **web_session_id** (String) The ID of the web session associated with the application or zero if none.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--identity_mapping_ids"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identity_mapping_ids`

Optional:

- **api** (String) Identity mapping ID for api application.
- **web** (String) Identity mapping ID for web application.


<a id="nestedblock--policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy`

Optional:

- **api** (Block List) List of Rule/RuleSets to be applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy--api))
- **web** (Block List) List of Rule/RuleSets to be applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy--web))

<a id="nestedblock--policy--api"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy.api`

Required:

- **id** (String) The ID of the specific rule or ruleset.
- **type** (String) If this is either a `Rule` or `RuleSet`.


<a id="nestedblock--policy--web"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy.web`

Required:

- **id** (String) The ID of the specific rule or ruleset.
- **type** (String) If this is either a `Rule` or `RuleSet`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import pingaccess_application.example 123
```
