---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingaccess_application_resource Resource - terraform-provider-pingaccess"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides configuration for Application Resources within PingAccess.
---

# pingaccess_application_resource (Resource)

Provides configuration for Application Resources within PingAccess.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingaccess_application_resource" "app_res_test_root_resource" {
  name           = "Root Resource"
  methods        = ["*"]
  path_prefixes  = ["/*"]
  audit_level    = "ON"
  anonymous      = false
  enabled        = true
  root_resource  = true
  application_id = pingaccess_application.example.id

  path_patterns {
    pattern = "/*"
    type    = "WILDCARD"
  }

  policy {
    web {
      type = "Rule"
      id   = pingaccess_rule.example_one.id
    }
    web {
      type = "Rule"
      id   = pingaccess_rule.example_two.id
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **application_id** (String) The id of the associated application. This field is read-only.
- **methods** (Set of String) An array of HTTP methods configured for the resource.
- **name** (String) The name of the resource.

### Optional

- **anonymous** (Boolean) True if the resource is anonymous.
- **audit_level** (String) Indicates if audit logging is enabled for the resource.
- **default_auth_type_override** (String) For Web + API applications (dynamic) default_auth_type selects the processing mode when a request: does not have a token (web session, OAuth bearer) or has both tokens. default_auth_type_override overrides the default_auth_type at the application level for this resource. A value of null indicates the resource should not override the default_auth_type.
- **enabled** (Boolean) True if the resource is enabled.
- **path_patterns** (Block Set) A list of one or more request path-matching patterns. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--path_patterns))
- **path_prefixes** (Set of String, Deprecated)
- **policy** (Block List, Max: 1) A map of policy items associated with the resource. The key is 'web' or 'api' and the value is a list of Policy Items. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy))
- **resource_type** (String) The type of this resource. 'Standard' resources are those served by the protected applications. 'Virtual' resources do not have a corresponding resource in the protected application. Instead, when accessing the resource, PingAccess returns a response created by the response generator defined in the resource type configuration. The default type is 'Standard'.
- **resource_type_configuration** (Block List) A container for configuration specific to different types of resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--resource_type_configuration))
- **root_resource** (Boolean) True if the resource is the root resource for the application.
- **unprotected** (Boolean) True if the resource is unprotected.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--path_patterns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `path_patterns`

Required:

- **pattern** (String) The path-matching pattern, relative to the Application context root (interpreted according to the pattern 'type').
- **type** (String) The pattern syntax type.


<a id="nestedblock--policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy`

Optional:

- **api** (Block List) List of Rule/RuleSets to be applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy--api))
- **web** (Block List) List of Rule/RuleSets to be applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy--web))

<a id="nestedblock--policy--api"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy.api`

Required:

- **id** (String) The ID of the specific rule or ruleset.
- **type** (String) If this is either a `Rule` or `RuleSet`.


<a id="nestedblock--policy--web"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy.web`

Required:

- **id** (String) The ID of the specific rule or ruleset.
- **type** (String) If this is either a `Rule` or `RuleSet`.



<a id="nestedblock--resource_type_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_type_configuration`

Required:

- **response_generator** (Block List, Min: 1) The path-matching pattern, relative to the Application context root (interpreted according to the pattern 'type'). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--resource_type_configuration--response_generator))

<a id="nestedblock--resource_type_configuration--response_generator"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_type_configuration.response_generator`

Required:

- **class_name** (String) The response generator's class name.

Optional:

- **configuration** (String) The response generator's configuration data.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# PingAccess application resources can be imported using the application/resource id, e.g.
terraform import pingaccess_application_resource.example 1/5
```
