---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingaccess_pingfederate_oauth Resource - terraform-provider-pingaccess"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages the PingFederate OAuth Client configuration.
  -> This resource manages a singleton within PingAccess and as such you should ONLY ever declare one of this resource type. Deleting this resource resets the PingFederate OAuth Client configuration to default values.
---

# pingaccess_pingfederate_oauth (Resource)

Manages the PingFederate OAuth Client configuration.

-> This resource manages a singleton within PingAccess and as such you should ONLY ever declare one of this resource type. Deleting this resource resets the PingFederate OAuth Client configuration to default values.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingaccess_pingfederate_oauth" "demo" {
  access_validator_id    = 1
  cache_tokens           = true
  subject_attribute_name = "san"
  name                   = "PingFederate"
  client_id              = "oauth"
  client_secret {
    value = "top_secret"
  }
  send_audience              = true
  token_time_to_live_seconds = 300
  use_token_introspection    = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `subject_attribute_name` (String) The attribute you want to use from the OAuth access token as the subject for auditing purposes.

### Optional

- `access_validator_id` (Number) The Access Validator Id. This field is read-only.
- `cache_tokens` (Boolean) Enable to retain token details for subsequent requests.
- `client_credentials` (Block List, Max: 1) Specify the credentials for the OAuth client configured in PingFederate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--client_credentials))
- `client_id` (String, Deprecated) The Client ID which PingAccess should use when requesting PingFederate to validate access tokens. The client must have Access Token Validation grant type allowed.
- `client_secret` (Block List, Max: 1, Deprecated) The Client Secret for the Client ID. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--client_secret))
- `name` (String) The unique Access Validator name.
- `send_audience` (Boolean) Enable to send the URI the user requested as the 'aud' OAuth parameter for PingAccess to use to select an Access Token Manager.
- `token_time_to_live_seconds` (Number) Defines the number of seconds to cache the access token. -1 means no limit. This value should be less than the PingFederate Token Lifetime.
- `use_token_introspection` (Boolean) Specify if token introspection is enabled.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--client_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `client_credentials`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) Specify the client ID.

Optional:

- `client_secret` (Block List, Max: 1) Specify the client secret. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--client_credentials--client_secret))
- `credentials_type` (String) Specify the credential type.
- `key_pair_id` (Number) Specify the ID of a key pair to use for mutual TLS.

<a id="nestedblock--client_credentials--client_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `client_credentials.client_secret`

Optional:

- `encrypted_value` (String) encrypted value of the field, as originally returned by the API.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) The value of the field. This field takes precedence over the encryptedValue field, if both are specified.



<a id="nestedblock--client_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `client_secret`

Optional:

- `encrypted_value` (String) encrypted value of the field, as originally returned by the API.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) The value of the field. This field takes precedence over the encryptedValue field, if both are specified.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# singleton resource with fixed id.
terraform import pingaccess_pingfederate_oauth.example pingfederate_oauth_settings
```
