---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingaccess_pingfederate_runtime Resource - terraform-provider-pingaccess"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages the PingAccess PingFederate configuration.
  -> This resource manages a singleton within PingAccess and as such you should ONLY ever declare one of this resource type. Deleting this resource resets the PingFederate configuration to default values.
---

# pingaccess_pingfederate_runtime (Resource)

Manages the PingAccess PingFederate configuration.

-> This resource manages a singleton within PingAccess and as such you should ONLY ever declare one of this resource type. Deleting this resource resets the PingFederate configuration to default values.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Proxied Token Provider (PingFederate Runtime Application) Example
resource "pingaccess_pingfederate_runtime" "example_proxied" {
  targets                      = ["localhost:9031"]
  audit_level                  = "ON"
  skip_hostname_verification   = true
  use_slo                      = false
  trusted_certificate_group_id = 2
  use_proxy                    = true
  application {
    primary_virtual_host_id = 1
  }
  back_channel_secure = true
}

# Standard Token Provider Example
resource "pingaccess_pingfederate_runtime" "example_standard" {
  description                  = "foo"
  issuer                       = "https://localhost:9031"
  skip_hostname_verification   = true
  use_slo                      = false
  trusted_certificate_group_id = 2
  use_proxy                    = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **application** (Block Set, Max: 1) Application configuration for the PingFederate runtime application proxied by PingAccess. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--application))
- **audit_level** (String, Deprecated) Enable to record requests to PingFederate to the audit store.
- **availability_profile_id** (Number)
- **back_channel_base_path** (String, Deprecated) The base path, if needed, for the PingFederate Runtime accessed using a Back Channel hostname. This field is ignored when the PingFederate application is configured.
- **back_channel_secure** (Boolean, Deprecated) Enable if PingFederate is expecting HTTPS connections for calls via the Back Channel hostnames.
- **base_path** (String, Deprecated) The base path, if needed, for PingFederate Runtime. This field is ignored when the PingFederate application is configured.
- **description** (String) The description of the PingFederate Runtime token provider.
- **expected_hostname** (String, Deprecated) The name of the host expected in the certificate.
- **host** (String, Deprecated) The host name or IP address for PingFederate Runtime. This field is ignored and can be an empty string when the PingFederate application is configured.
- **issuer** (String) The issuer url of the PingFederate token provider.
- **load_balancing_strategy_id** (Number)
- **port** (Number, Deprecated) The port number for PingFederate Runtime. This field is ignored when the PingFederate application is configured.
- **secure** (Boolean, Deprecated)
- **skip_hostname_verification** (Boolean) Set to true if HTTP communications to PingFederate should not perform hostname verification of the certificate.
- **sts_token_exchange_endpoint** (String) The url of the PingFederate STS token-to-token exchange endpoint that is used for token mediation. Specify if it is being served from a different host/port than the issuer is. Otherwise, it is assumed to be {issuer}/pf/sts.wst.
- **targets** (Set of String, Deprecated)
- **trusted_certificate_group_id** (Number) The group of certificates to use when authenticating to PingFederate.
- **use_proxy** (Boolean) Set to true if a proxy should be used for HTTP or HTTPS requests.
- **use_slo** (Boolean) Set to true if OIDC single log out should be used on the /pa/oidc/logout on the engines.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--application"></a>
### Nested Schema for `application`

Required:

- **primary_virtual_host_id** (Number)

Optional:

- **additional_virtual_host_ids** (Set of Number)
- **case_sensitive** (Boolean)
- **client_cert_header_names** (Set of String)
- **context_root** (String)
- **policy** (Block List) List of Rule/RuleSets to be applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--application--policy))

<a id="nestedblock--application--policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `application.policy`

Required:

- **id** (String) The ID of the specific rule or ruleset.
- **type** (String) If this is either a `Rule` or `RuleSet`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# singleton resource with fixed id.
terraform import pingaccess_pingfederate_runtime.example pingfederate_runtime_settings
```
