---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingaccess_site Resource - terraform-provider-pingaccess"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides configuration for Sites within PingAccess.
---

# pingaccess_site (Resource)

Provides configuration for Sites within PingAccess.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingaccess_site" "example" {
  name    = "example"
  targets = ["localhost:1234"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) The name of the site.
- **targets** (Set of String) The {hostname}:{port} pairs for the hosts that make up the site.

### Optional

- **availability_profile_id** (Number) The ID of the availability profile associated with the site.
- **expected_hostname** (String) The name of the host expected in the site's certificate.
- **keep_alive_timeout** (Number) The time, in milliseconds, that an HTTP persistent connection to the site can be idle before PingAccess closes the connection.
- **load_balancing_strategy_id** (Number) The ID of the load balancing strategy associated with the site.
- **max_connections** (Number) The maximum number of HTTP persistent connections you want PingAccess to have open and maintain for the site. -1 indicates unlimited connections.
- **max_web_socket_connections** (Number) The maximum number of WebSocket connections you want PingAccess to have open and maintain for the site. -1 indicates unlimited connections.
- **secure** (Boolean) This field is true if the site expects HTTPS connections.
- **send_pa_cookie** (Boolean) This field is true if the PingAccess Token or OAuth Access Token should be included in the request to the site.
- **site_authenticator_ids** (Set of Number) The IDs of the site authenticators associated with the site.
- **skip_hostname_verification** (Boolean) This field is true if the hostname verification of the site's certificate should be skipped.
- **trusted_certificate_group_id** (Number) The ID of the trusted certificate group associated with the site.
- **use_proxy** (Boolean) True if a proxy should be used for HTTP or HTTPS requests.
- **use_target_host_header** (Boolean) Setting this field to true causes PingAccess to adjust the Host header to the site's selected target host rather than the virtual host configured in the application.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import pingaccess_site.example 123
```
