---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pingaccess_third_party_service Resource - terraform-provider-pingaccess"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides configuration for Third Party Services within PingAccess.
---

# pingaccess_third_party_service (Resource)

Provides configuration for Third Party Services within PingAccess.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pingaccess_third_party_service" "example" {
  name    = "example"
  targets = ["server.domain:1234"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the third-party service.
- `targets` (Set of String) The {hostname}:{port} pairs for the hosts that make up the third-party service.

### Optional

- `availability_profile_id` (Number) The ID of the availability profile associated with the third-party service.
- `expected_hostname` (String) The name of the host expected in the third-party service's certificate.
- `host_value` (String) The Host header field value in the requests sent to a Third-Party Services. When set, PingAccess will use the hostValue as the Host header field value. Otherwise, the target value will be used.
- `load_balancing_strategy_id` (Number) The ID of the load balancing strategy associated with the third-party service.
- `max_connections` (Number) The maximum number of HTTP persistent connections you want PingAccess to have open and maintain for the third-party service. -1 indicates unlimited connections.
- `secure` (Boolean) This field is true if the third-party service expects HTTPS connections.
- `skip_hostname_verification` (Boolean) This field is true if the hostname verification of the third-party service's certificate should be skipped.
- `trusted_certificate_group_id` (Number) The ID of the trusted certificate group associated with the third-party service.
- `use_proxy` (Boolean) True if a proxy should be used for HTTP or HTTPS requests.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import pingaccess_third_party_service.example 123
```
